Feature/multi region support (#24)
seek-oss/docker-ecr-publish-buildkite-plugin: README.md

  Account ID for ECR registry, defaults to output of `aws sts get-caller-identity` e.g. current account ID.

- `region` (optional, array|string)

  Region the ECR registry is in, defaults to `$AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` and then `eu-west-1` if not set.

- `regions` (optional, array|string)

>   Same as `region`. Both `region` and `regions` cannot be set. But they are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Same as `region`. Both properties are optional, and they cannot be set at the same time.
```
